fantasyTeamPlace:       Place
fantasyTeamScore:       Score
accountName:            Name
idCard1:                idCard1
card1Rarity:            card1Rarity
card1PlayerName:        card1PlayerName
card1PlayerId:          card1PlayerId
idCard2:                idCard2
card2Rarity:            card2Rarity
card2PlayerName:        card2PlayerName
card2PlayerId:          card2PlayerId
idCard3:                idCard3
card3Rarity:            card3Rarity
card3PlayerName:        card3PlayerName
card3PlayerId:          card3PlayerId
idCard4:                idCard4
card4Rarity:            card4Rarity
card4PlayerName:        card4PlayerName
card4PlayerId:          card4PlayerId
idCard5:                idCard5
card5Rarity:            card5Rarity
card5PlayerName:        card5PlayerName
card5PlayerId:          card5PlayerId
cardCaptain:            cardCaptain